===========
Homework 13
===========

Due by noon on Thursday, Apr 24th.

Note: you will be asked to do 50 total points of projects for this class.

0. Merge hw12 into your master.  Please don't delete the 'hw12' branch.

   Hand in this homework on branch 'hw13' on your github account, and
   set up a pull request between hw13 and your master branch.  Don't
   merge it, just set up the PR.

1. Finish implementing 50 points worth of projects total.

   Make sure to explain what you did in the ChangeLog, in detail,
   including instructions on how to execute things.  Note that all
   previous project features should continue working with the new
   project features -- so, if you implemented logins and cookies and
   now want to do SQL persistence, you should persist your login and
   cookie information in SQL as well as the images.

   As per the syllabus, you are allowed to work collaboratively but
   everything you hand in must have your own name on the commits.  The
   only exception to this is if you are working with someone else's
   project, but the sum of the project points must be N*10 (if you work
   in a group with N=2 people, each person must implement 10 pts worth
   of projects).  Note that you are also responsible for making sure
   the other persons' code doesn't break your code.

   If you run into technical difficulties that can't be resolved, you
   can ask (via e-mail) for an extension until the following Thursday.
   In your e-mail write in a few sentences what problem you're running
   into, what you've tried in terms of debugging it, and what you think
   the problem is.  If I grant you an extension I will find someone
   to help you via code review/pull request on github.  Extensions
   may not be granted, however, so make sure you're really stuck before
   asking for one...

After handing things in:
------------------------

Do a clean clone of your repo and make sure that all the tests pass
and that all your functionality works on the clean clone, on arctic.

That is, do::

   git clone https://github.com/ctb/cse491-serverz -b hw13 test-hw13
   cd test-hw13
   (run stuff)

Using ChangeLog, please explain your project choice and implementation
in sufficient detail to let someone else (me) who is _not_ psychic
understand what you've done and run it.  Test your code and any
instructions using a clean checkout.  I mean it.
